what's so funny not having you told her
Nancy Thompson's getting five okay okay
Oh food poisoning it's not like I chose
to do it it's not like it's not like I
said well what would make this ride more
fun right you're right I'm sorry I'm
yeah I shouldn't be laughing I should be
laying down papers for you
how can you tell her I had to okay we're
getting married married couples can't
keep secrets from one another
oh really well I I guess Monica to know
about it LAN exciting to Atlantic City
well Chandler and I are in a bar did you
not hear me say do whoot and this girl
is making eyes at Chandler okay so after
a while he he goes over to her and after
a minute - I see them kissing now I know
what you're thinking child is not the
type of guy who just goes to bars and
make sale with girls and you're right
Chandler is not the type of guy who just
goes to bars and makes out with girls
guy in my defense it was dark and he was
a very pretty guy I laughed so hard oh
so hard we had to throw out your
underwear again whatever dude you kissed
a guy
they canceled mac-and-cheese
Joey sorry Joey why would they do that
it was a good show right go tell secrets
okay okay
in college Ross used to wear leg warmers
all right Chandler entered a Vanilla Ice
look-alike contest and won Ross came in
fourth and cry oh is that funny
oh you find that funny well maybe
Chandler should know some of your
secrets too I already told him
everything you shush
once Monica was sent to a room without
dinner
so she ate the macaroni off a jewelry
box she'd made
boss used to say on every Saturday night
to watch Golden Girls Monica couldn't
tell time until she was 13 it's hard for
some people of course it is more my
underwear to work right I'm sorry I
couldn't think of any more Feroz
in college Chandler got drunk and slept
with a lady who cleaned our dorm that
was you
whatever dude you kiss the guy you know
in my defense um there was no glitter on
the macaroni and very little blue and in
my defense the cleaning lady came on to
me you have no trouble telling time now
no quick what time is it I don't know
time to get the guy matey what are you
laughing at pampers you know what I said
that because we're getting married we
should share everything and not have any
secrets yeah yeah that was stupid let's
not do that absolutely and we should
keep all the stuff we told each other
secret from everybody else
definitely okay if you'll excuse me I'm
gonna go hang out with some people who
don't know the Space Mountain story then
I'd steer clear of Phoebe me yeah not
that you would but I wouldn't hang out
with all the guys in my office
you